on today's show pebble launches its
pebble steel SmartWatch google glass
prescription frames Nintendo's potential
mobile plans titanfall split screen
announcement and google keeps on
marching towards becoming Skynet its
buffalo bulls in time
hello internet and welcome to the
Buffalo bulletin where we recap stories
from our site technobuffalo calm every
tuesday and friday if you're interested
in reading more about any story on the
show check the description below for
links or click on the graphics if you
have annotations available and toggled
on i'm ashley scuba hair your top
stories pebble kicked off this morning
with a couple of big updates not only
did their shiny new pebble steel
SmartWatch start shipping today a beta
version of the pebble appstore also made
its way into journalists hands new watch
faces apps from companies like Yelp and
ESPN and even games that utilize pebbles
accelerometer are all part of the app
store launch we've got a hands-on video
walking you through the software and
while it's a little bit laggy here and
there it still looks pretty solid you
can look for the official launch of the
pebble appstore very very soon Google
making the news today is well announcing
Google glass titanium a collection of
prescription frames and sunglasses it's
a lot more subtle than the original
design of Google glass but the frames
themselves will set you back 225 bucks
well that's in addition to the 1500
you're spending on glass itself plus the
cost of prescription lenses for those
frames if you need them so for those of
you who already have Google glass you
can use these new frames with your
current glass device which is cool but
for anybody who wants glass that also
needs prescription lenses it's a pretty
pricey ordeal over in gaming Nintendo
got all our hopes up and then smashed
all our dreams with rumors yesterday
they would announce plans to move
forward with developing first party mini
games for mobile to promote its brand
this morning though nintendo released a
statement confirming there are no plans
to offer many games on smartphone
devices that's kind of a bummer but
considering their 3ds is the only game
in town making them money at the moment
it kind of makes sense so now
speculation is focused more on companion
apps like a mobile pokedex or posting to
the miiverse from your phone or tablet
gamers looking forward to playing highly
anticipated Xbox one exclusive titanfall
with their friends got a little bit of
tough news this morning titanfall
developer respawn entertainment replied
to a fan on Twitter who asked if they
could comment on whether or not the game
would feature split-screen multiplayer
and the response was pretty Frank quote
no it's not a feature in titanfall end
quote so that means if you want to play
titanfall with your roommates or your
significant other you'll need separate
xbox one consoles and separate titles
Big Time Out's respawn the wild-card
story for today comes from google
apparently they're not done totally
weirding us out with their recent
company purchases yes they've bought
robotics company Boston Dynamics then
they bought nest now they've confirmed
the purchase of artificial intelligence
firm deepmind aside from the fact that
the company name itself sounds like a
total supervillain it's obvious Google
will not only be applying deep mines
worked robotics but to pretty much
everything else on their plates like
Android and home automation I welcome
our terrifying robot overlords that's
the Buffalo bulletin for today if you
enjoy the show give us a thumbs up that
would be super awesome of you and if you
want more great TechnoBuffalo video
content you can subscribe to our youtube
channel by clicking this giant subscribe
button see you guys next time